My response to the formative feedback: 
Practical 4
Feedback: Commit messages could be more informative.
Response: I changed "change 1" to "add my name in the introductions.txt", and also changed "change 2" to "add the things that I like in the thingslike.txt"
I did this on 2 May. (There is sceenshot (Practical 4 commit message.png) in the same directory of this reflection file which shows the changes of commit message.)
However, the initial "change 1" and "change 2" commits are still there. They cannot be deleted. 

Practical 5
Feedback: c should be the output of b divided by 7, rather than the remainder. 
In mysterycode.py you should mention that the prime number generated is random (different each time you run the code) and must fall within a range - what is this range?
Response: I have corrected the first mistake by changing the % to /. For the second mistake, I have added "The function generates numbers randomly". 
The mistake of range is caused by the misunderstanding of whether 1 is a prime number or not (I thought that 1 is not a prime number). Now I believe that 1 is a prime number to avoid confusion and changed the range to 1-100. 
My complete answer to mysterycode.py is "find a prime number in the range of 1-100 (the number is randomly generated)"

Practical 6
Feedback: On line 17, you have hardcoded that only a DNA string of length 21 is accepted. 
Can you change it to accept a string of any length?
Response: I have assigned 21 to a variable (n=len(s)) changed all 21 to n. 

My thoughts as I worked through the practicals: 
Overall, practicals were great chances for me to consolidate the knowledge that I learned that week. 
I also learned that python was a great tool to read files, select what we what, analyze sequences as well as make plots. 

Practical 4-7, 10 are relatively easy and I just followed the instructions and finished them successfully. 

I found practical 8 a bit tricky since this was my first time to write regular expression. I got more familiar with the regular expression by reviewing slides. 

For practical 13, it took me a while to understand the model. 

The difficult practicals are practical 11 and 14 (childnodes). I got puzzled when working with so many loops. 
However, I made the whole task clearer by dividing them into small tasks. And first solve small tasks (e.g.: defind a function to merge numbers). 
And then combine them together. 
For practical 14, I got the suggestion (use a dictionary to store "is_a" for every term) from Xiaotian LI. 


